Gta2025 call for trainer news (#5788)
galaxyproject/training-material: news/_posts/2025-02-14-gtn2025-call-trainer.md

---
title: "Call for Trainers and Helpers for the Galaxy Training Academy 2025"
layout: news
tags:
  - gtn
  - teaching
  - contributing
contributions:
  authorship:
    - teresa-m
cover: "events/images/Galaxy_GTA2025_Transparent.png"
coveralt: "GTA logo including the GTN star and beams behind it in the GTN colors. Additionally the Text: Galaxy Training Academy and GALAXY TRAINING NETWORK and the Galaxy logo." 
---

## 🌠 Join the GTA2025 and support the event

🎉 The Galaxy Training Academy is happening in May 2025! 🎉

- 📆 **Dates**:  May 12-16, 2025
- 📍 **Location**:  Global online

The event is a asynchronous, online, and self-paced learning event for learners who would like to dive into the depths of Galaxy data analysis. In there self-paced learning endeavors participants will be supported via chat by us.

You can find more information about the [program](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/events/2025-05-12-galaxy-academy-2025.html#monday-introduction) and the outline of the event on the [event page](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/events/2025-05-12-galaxy-academy-2025.html).

> ![Chart showing: banner for the call for trainer, including the GTA logo, the GTN logo with a person shouting. And text asking for trainers and helpers for the GTA]({{site.baseurl}}/news/images/GTA2025_call_trainer_banner.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Chart showing: banner for the call for trainer, including the GTA logo, the GTN logo with a person shouting. And text asking for trainers and helpers for the GTA]({% link news/images/GTA2025_call_trainer_banner.png %})
```
